# Summer 2017 Web Design at RISD — Final Project

## Instructions

**Do not edit this file.**

**Do not edit the `.gitignore` file.**

**Do not rename any of the folders.**

You’re building a portfolio-themed web site of your graphic design/photographic/illustration work for your final project. If you don’t have work of your own to present in a portfolio, you have three options:

1. Use a friend’s, colleague’s, or family member’s work as the basis for your project.
2. Create a portfolio of some artist’s or designer’s work. (She, he, or they can be alive or deceased.)
3. Produce a portfolio of compiled images from an image repository, such as Flickr.

I encourage you to consider both traditional web design elements (navigations on top, 960 pixel widths, etc) and non-traditional elements (navigation elements perhaps on the bottom, non-linear display of content, etc). Experiment!

## The Rules

* All images must go in the `img` folder.
* All CSS must go in the `css` folder.
* jQuery and/or JavaScript files must go in the `js` folder. If you’re not using either language, then you may delete the `js` folder.
* Your HTML code must validate at [`http://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input`](http://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input).
* Your CSS must validate at [`https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/#validate_by_input`](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/#validate_by_input).
* Your project must be a multi-page site consisting of at least four pages: `home`, `about`, `contact`, `gallery/portfolio`.
* All HTML and CSS in lowercase.
* Any jQuery/JavaScript in lowercase/camel case.
* No lorem ipsum content; that is, no filler content.
* Ensure the logical outlining of your document using [the HTML5 Outliner](http://gsnedders.html5.org/outliner/) or the `outline` feature of the [`HTML Validator`](http://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input).

## Questions to Consider

* What is the trend in pages that display similar content? How far can my design stray from that trend without affecting user experience (UX) negatively?
* Is the contrast between type and (back) ground balanced sufficiently to make reading easy? If not, can I justify why?
* Which typeface will help me to get my meaning across? If using more than one typeface, does each complement each other, and do they work harmoniously with the overall design?
* Is the space I use around content helping the user consume my design, or is it making her/him work hard at understanding my intentions?
* Which sections of the content are most important?
* What should be emphasized?
* Does the color scheme complement the message I’m trying to convey, or is it simply serving an aesthetic role in my design?
* Is my design communicating what I need it to?
* Is my site easy to navigate?

## Critique

We’ll spend all morning and a portion of the afternoon on Friday, 4 August, critiquing each other’s work.

## Due

Friday, 4 August, at 9:00 AM. **There are _no_ exceptions to this deadline, so budget your time accordingly.**

## Submission Instructions

Follow [these instructions](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/submitting-assignments-using-github-desktop/) to submit your assignment.
